karmadactl: add the ability to automatically generate user guidance documents for the command line (#2260)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/userguide/commands/karmadactl_unjoin.md

## karmadactl unjoin

Remove the registration of a cluster from control plane

### Synopsis

Unjoin removes the registration of a cluster from control plane.

```
karmadactl unjoin CLUSTER_NAME --cluster-kubeconfig=<KUBECONFIG> [flags]
```

### Examples

```

>   # Unjoin cluster from karamada control plane, but not to remove resources created by karmada in the unjoining cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Unjoin cluster from karamada control plane, but not remove resources created by karmada in the unjoining cluster
```

  karmadactl unjoin CLUSTER_NAME
  
  # Unjoin cluster from karamada control plane and attempt to remove resources created by karmada in the unjoining cluster
  karmadactl unjoin CLUSTER_NAME --cluster-kubeconfig=<KUBECONFIG>
  
  # Unjoin cluster from karamada control plane with timeout
  karmadactl unjoin CLUSTER_NAME --cluster-kubeconfig=<KUBECONFIG> --wait 2m
```

### Options

```
      --cluster-context string      Context name of cluster in kubeconfig. Only works when there are multiple contexts in the kubeconfig.
      --cluster-kubeconfig string   Path of the cluster's kubeconfig.
      --cluster-namespace string    Namespace in the control plane where member cluster secrets are stored. (default "karmada-cluster")
      --dry-run                     Run the command in dry-run mode, without making any server requests.

>       --force                       Delete cluster and secret resources even if resources in the cluster targeted for unjoin are not removed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --force                       Delete cluster and secret resources even if resources in the unjoining cluster are not removed successfully.
```

>   -h, --help                        help for unjoin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -h, --help                        Help for unjoin
```

      --karmada-context string      Name of the cluster context in control plane kubeconfig file.

>       --wait duration               wait for the unjoin command execution process(default 60s), if there is no success after this time, timeout will be returned. (default 1m0s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --wait duration               Wait for the unjoin command execution to succeed (default to 60s). Execution failures will return timeout.
```

```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```

>       --add-dir-header                   If true, adds the file directory to the header of the log messages

Reviewer: Same changes for this part
